The demand is dropping, Gabel, and just a moment.
The hearing will continue.
Let me welcome back to our guest.
The demand is called at the order now, and the men are hearing another one.
The current roll call hasn't been completed, and I'm sure I guess they're the same as those who have the audience on their east side.
We will proceed with the interrogation of Lieutenant Blue, and the direction has been completed.
They will also address the way back to the vote, but what is Lieutenant-Storming's interest, if he has any questions?
Hello, I was listening to one of my distinguished colleagues.
You were in those dilemma with Inspector Ford Monmouth, were you?
I said, I know, sir. You were simply doing your duty at the Civil Office, everyone.
That's right, sir.
I've been looking at you for some day, but you got sick. How many battles?
I'm a cracker, you got there.
Hello, through the European's got a base, through all the campaigns from London, and the Czechoslovakia.
Tell the gun him up, take the time.
Well?
I like that. Five campaigns in New York, three in Korea.
Before you were admitted in 1936, sevens, or fours, how old were you?
You want to see. I'm again to believe you have no other clue.
You've got to turn about twenty-two at Treason.
Yeah.
I tell you, we're roomed in fights, today I'd like to talk to Norman, once in a truce.
And in Korea, you've got to have firm disabilities, that right?
Yes, sir. I lost my left leg, all in the...
I'd say you've also got to tell the stars that you like to go out and see an action.
Yes, sir.
You work in the Secretary's office?
I count the lab that he thought that he made a mistake and be able to provide at one point.
What would you answer to that?
I don't think he made him stay zero. He's a courteous gentleman.
If you can't...
You do things in politeness when a man gets from your house, he was a guest for an army court.
Now, uh...
Well, you were bringing with me that...
One of the most important things in the world, the preventable, the Communism,
all over the world, Communist aggression, is the morale of the United States Army.
Yes, sir.
Have you ever had any action that you've ever taken, or have you ever had that in mind?
I hope so, sir.
I have said before, and I've been in the army so many people in this country have relatives in the army that in my opinion,
along with other witnesses here, here are great credit for the country.
No further comments or questions, Mr. Jim?
I have no questions.
And then, I think that's all you were thinking about, you know, how I'll figure it out.
Mr. Chairman, on their side that I've had to be honest and strongly committed hearing for several hours,
a pair of other geniuses that had to be asthmined to him, and I regret that I haven't heard the rest of the moment of the weaponry.
And I do not want to be the person.
As I understand you have testified to certain statements that Mr. Cohn made on their case in the left,
as it took a month, the left, the left, the left, the right.
And I'll not ask you to repeat the statement that can be both in the left hand.
You have to record your whole gun as beautiful as it has been certified to.
And I assume you have confirmed that these charges and allegations that have been made.
But I want to know here that if you personally heard the statement,
yes sir, now you heard them.
I know the statement started out at your station.
But I'll not ask you the repeatment, but I'll ask you there.
You saw the expressions of the awful statements after the timing, yes sir.
You were able to evaluate and analyze, is that a few at that time,
the meaner as well as the verbal expressions that you heard.
Well, if you immediately summed it with your person to the secretary of the Army,
what's your idea?
Maybe reporting to him there on that occasion, will it be left to post, yes sir.
Or if you're the one who heard them, you're the one who had the best opportunity to evaluate them.
Did you regard those statements as they said against the secretary and against the Army?
Yes sir, I just have time.
Take it hard and heard.
Did you regard them as an effort to intimidate the secretary of the Army?
I don't think I've just done so particularly because I don't see how man can't intimidate the secretary of the Army.
All right, but that's just so.
Yes sir, you did regard them as an attempt to do so.
I think I did.
Yes sir.
There are everywhere now.
You so took them at that time,
did you realize at that time, were you evaluating them at that time as a threat or an attempt to enforce the accident decision of the secretary of the Army?
I think at the time they actually assured I took them at that time,
and I think that the evidence of this temper
and the act of what happened with the press, so-called press release that was prepared beforehand.
And I know it's not too much about that.
I see the required obvious, but I at least thought that that incident had not occurred.
The press release would probably have been the issue.
That's my case.
I don't think the AFF was in a statement made by Mr. Coleman at the time that it made me a better remark
to go up and stood up for the release, that it would not be accurate or he'd cheated his money.
No, sir, nothing.
He did not.
Just my recollection, I just don't know that.
I didn't hear you at that time, only did he state to use that.
Well, not a case, and that he did have access to the AFF.
Yes, sir.
We all heard those statements.
Why do those persons hear they made? Mr. John Adams was there.
He testified here.
I do not know that all cases of presence heard all portions of the state,
because this was not a stationary group.
It's moving around a lot of the time you've already gone mad in detail.
I don't want to be reputated, so that's all.
I'm going to go ahead and get my tickets.
I have a minute left.
A ton of balloons.
Who else was denied access to the laboratory on that day?
A very principal.
And the visuals, who were denied access were Mr. Cohn, Mr. Harold Rainbow,
and Mr. John's the Santa Potter's office.
Now, I would assume that there were the other people on the model of post-boot
who had no need to know that information, but I say, yes,
but I mean, not the immediate group.
That's, I think, the only tree that would stay there.
Well, it would be denied.
Did any of them complain?
Mr. In the Mr. John's students, they expressed his pleasure as to say one,
but they didn't complain vocally or allow that.
I've went over and talked to them and see what they added to the words.
So they used any comparable language to not what you testified to as an outburst?
No, sir.
How long did they think that they'd land?
I say 15 to 20 minutes.
That's my judgment, sir.
Were the statements repetitive?
Some like, yes, sir.
That's all.
You're welcome, Mr. Cohn, sir.
Nothing's that I'm not happy about Mr. Cohn.
Mr. Chairman, this way, in my opinion,
the mission of the case has a question.
Currently, as nothing here has to do with any endopterine problems and the change.
This was the subject of I, the material of anger,
because it was rather important moments in such as facilities.
Facilities, sir, security risk will come if connections are working when he got to the door.
He was in either way to going in.
I could also testify that Mr. Cohn is angry.
The surrender of love with the Do's love.
I would be also, I just think of the vast waste of time,
therefore I'm not going to spend any more on that question of the different questions.
Mr. Cohn, if the man who I just completed, I can present it to you.
Anybody else?
The cabinet is ready to meet you.
Thank you very much.
All right, all right.
The cabinet is going to be in the call, I guess.
Another panel?
This is Lieutenant Colonel coming now.
Very good, I guess.
Lieutenant Colonel, I guess the lander also will be here with you over there, so.
I believe he was being interrogated by a comforter on Mr. Cohn,
Mr. Cohn, you may be just...
I'd miss you, Cohn, when you three back to the foot of the gam,
and took the food charge from him.
Then Mary, I'm going to refer to the first charge as the private sign charge.
And the second charge has the typical penny chart, how much?
Now this is a fact, I don't know if it's expected to be two charge.
And the effect is the black mark from the sign sign charge,
where only a little I show to you,
and that some revision was made so long,
that reason are the revision in certain information and figures given to you.
That's correct, it is not.
You say you do not know who is responsible for using,
that the particular charge of insignia that we find on this charge to meet the black mark?
I don't know who selected that pattern initially, sir,
I accepted it when I saw it and it seemed to be graphically to portray what we wanted to portray.
It is designed to be a record that our baby's shine
has reached the November, December and January,
and particularly, his reference to his absences is that right for him, Mary?
Yes, so that's what the title on it says.
The pattern and Mary,
these black marks indicate that times he was all either at normal times,
or the times that he was all with the consent and permission of his commanding officer.
Is there anything, whatever,
with respect to these black marks,
that is a reflection on shine,
or on his record as a soldier at four days?
No, sir, I believe that the title merely states the record of his absences and telephone messages received by the commanding general.
Sometimes we refer to a man or a child in school as having a black mark opposite its name,
if being a term of stigma,
this is an intended disaster call of his penumery,
no, sir, as far as I know, it's not.
Now, penumery, picking up the average inductive charge.
There is no black mark on it.
If I have it in my hand now, and if you have it in your hand,
I would leave a calling miniatur of the average inductive charge.
Yes.
It has no black marks, whatever.
As that is, insofar as these, the squares are rectangle versus concern.
That's correct, isn't it, penumery?
Well, it's not exactly in the Jenkins, I believe that these, they're all black marks.
The only distinction is that the lettering on this charge too is entirely in black ink.
Whereas on charge one, we have some lettering in white ink,
because we had to lettering on days when there were no taxes,
as well as on days when there were tax.
Well, if I'm number one, you mean the shine charge?
I believe you call that number one just a minute ago, yeah.
And I'm not sure, I'm sure I see the file, the shine charge is me tickets to your testimony,
and now it's to the file number two.
The typical inductive charge, as we see the thing, if that has not already been done.
I can't believe that it's his name.
When you expect to remember two, the typical inductive charge,
there were seven days when the typical inductive is entitled to be a way away on me,
as a matter of life.
That's correct, yes sir.
And the typical inductive charge that you now hold before you is,
though not how a blackout or a black mark on the days when he would be entitled to be away as a matter of course,
is that correct, yes sir?
As a graphic presentation of Mr. Jenkins, I really believe you have to read the chart as well as look at it.
Yes.
I was just saying my specific question.
Well, I'm not a nice speaker.
I see your black marks on there.
You have a different nature than the ones on the other charts.
I'll ask you. Let's see if this way, Colonel Murray.
This, the same standards have been used in the preparation of both of these charts.
The same things, the same charts, are better than the reviews in their making of the reviews,
and the coloring, assumed that the same standards were used.
Whether or not charts number two have a different appearance,
and we just now have more black marks on it, than it's now has as I hold the miniature of it in my hands.
On the days that the individual got a pass, we could have used the same type of black mark as on the signs.
And so obviously, you ain't just not supposed to use the same kind of thing.
I think, yes or no, now it's seen that the same draftsmen prepared both of these charts,
that he prepared both of them by the same standard and members of the direction of the same man,
using the same names, the same chalks, the same insignia, the business, the records,
our signs and censuses from this, and the record of the absences of the average embassy from this,
isn't a fact. That charts number two, the testing record of the average embassy at this,
would have a different appearance.
So the charts as it was originally presented to the committee this morning,
yes or no, yes or no, all right, they will.
I'm sure it would have more blockages of facts that shall we say.
It would certainly, you say, have a different appearance, I would have more facts, painters, chalks,
indicated on it's been the one as originally presented here today.
That's like, it's just half an of my worries, it's the other one, but still...
As I say, I must indicate that there is any sinister movie on the part of anybody
and using the color of black instead of red, I just know that sometimes a child comes home with a past grade
and you say he's got a black mark of his name and that, hey, you understand that.
I think it's a very famous color school directed, the type of charts to be prepared,
the flow's prepared in both instances. You say you didn't do this, was not your brain child.
Who's brain child looked at? On the first chart, I say we inherited a chart
which is somewhat like this when we maintain the same pattern.
I'll give you a little bit of a room here, did you guys...
I'll have to follow that data, you later, I'll try to run it down.
I picked it up in the secretary's office, I believe, when I started gathering a number of materials
together when I was assigned to work in his office in the preparation of this case.
That chart was there, among them. I had heard of Shrine, do we understand?
Yes, the Shrine chart. Not the same type, not the same one, but one book that looked very much like this one.
It had already been prepared and that would be prior to the 27th of March,
which was the day that I was sometime out when I first saw it.
Now on the second chart, I don't know who prepared that first one of my own knowledge.
I'm the lack of that's all I'm trying to get at. You followed the same pattern in the second chart.
On the second one, when we were getting ready, it closed to the day of preparation.
The second one was that we were told by members of Yacht staff that we wanted to present the four-six people to tell our story.
I believe you saw the earlier charts that we had and the copies of it that we had.
We did not have at that time a typical chart.
That's if it began to seem apparent that maybe we ought to have the chart in itself, the Shrine chart,
representing a comparison with nothing, was probably not the graphics to show that a amount of time he was away from the post as if we had something to compare it with.
So I on short notice we were told to get the four-six people.
I directed one of the officers that was working with me, the captain for long, was sitting in the second row here now,
to get a typical chart prepared from the materials that we had finished and fixed.
And he was the one that actually dealt with Mr. Wood, the supervisor of the drafting section.
I have never seen this. The wood I wouldn't recognize it if I saw.
The chart was prepared in substantially the way you see it, from the information that we had.
That was one of the days when we brought General Ryan and everybody else over here.
And I recall looking at it and I say, well, this chart looks a little different than the other one.
And the answer that I got then was, well, we had to have it in a hurry.
And if we had to do it exactly the way the other one was done, we'd have had a wait for the blackings to dry, the foliage could put white ink on top of it.
The amount of time that we had to get over here to get ready with the fixed people,
did he allow us that time? And we said, well, go ahead and do the best we can so that we'll have a chart that is representative of these typical absences of the private of the city.
I believe, Colonel, that as the time members of my staff and I have just been in the Pentagon to the purpose of preparing the Army's case entirely with me,
and we were shown the shining chart, perhaps not in its person form, but in the form that it was in just fire to the revision.
Is that correct? Yes sir.
So at the next pan, Colonel Murray, as I recall, I do not believe he had chart number two in the typical chart.
So we did not. Now Colonel Murray has this further question.
You have given us the history of the present giant chart. You still say that you saw its counterpart.
I wanted to introduce you in the office of the secretary and I used the coloring on it, the black coloring on it.
I represent the time the shine was the way either normally or that specialist inflation.
Yes sir. And in lightness there's the group designed the original chart.
So that if all parties are not satisfied, we might just give him a bath.
Well, as far as the color is, I can only say what was recorded to me.
So did you tell us that?
I believe you've already heard that the events, so-called events were prepared in fire midst of brown.
I understood it concurrently with the preparation of those events, just went on this chart.
I had heard that it was prepared under the supervision of a Mr. Copeland.
I have never met Mr. Copeland. I don't know on the five saws, but that was the information I received.
However, when he was a lecture, Copeland, I used the preliminary, as I understand it, COU used C OU-GH-L-I-N.
I don't know, I'm sorry.
Is he an army, is he in the Pentagon now?
I don't know if he is, I believe he is.
Is he an army, never thought he's not an army officer.
A civilian employee is the army. I believe he's just a very unemployed.
I have heard that he is, so I don't know.
I sure.
In order to use the fees, the authors of the original chain chart.
I had heard that he had prepared it, and when we received it, it had been in his office one time.
That's a little weird, who is the author of the original number two,
typical inductive chart. I presented here this morning before it's under what I was going over by Senator McCarty.
Well, in so far as giving instructions to someone who had a chart to pass on the absence of a typical training at Fort Dick,
I am the author.
You are the author.
The criminal did not occur to use it perhaps this was this.
Have led the less confusion?
Has he smoothed the frame in the signal?
Our coloring on the typical inductive chart has been used on the chain chart.
It has a curve to make sense this morning.
I think it's all action answered first.
I think the criminal you said is that the reason why you prepared the second chart,
which we now call the typical chain each chart, was to have some standards that are basis for comparison with the G-Dave Chine chart,
that the G-Dave Chine chart standing by itself, you said comfortable with nothing,
would not be very clear chart or informative to the killer.
You decided to put the third check in chart.
I think you now are considered in your lab statement.
The answer to the question I was about to ask you, but I will ask it again and make sure
that you will see that it would have been more informative and let the steps be achieved to the killer.
When you are preparing for the check to be compared, you should have used comfortable sim.
In fact, the two steps are similar to the G-Dave Chine chart.
Well, I didn't know that anyone would be deceived by it,
and as much as we have a very accurate description on it,
which has been specified too by General Ryan as seeing the absences of shine and the absences of the truth.
The typical train needs.
The point of being to read my question is that I am sure your answer is not with money.
You are a redevelopment agent.
First, I don't call you instead of the reason why you prepared the second chart
to be compared to the G-Dave Chine chart.
For us, I was not a standard of basis for comparison with the G-Dave Chine chart.
That G-Dave Chine chart stands by itself, you said,
comfortable with nothing, do not be both core threat or embarked into the committee.
So you decided you would start the second chart.
I think you have not concluded in that statement for the answer to the question I was about to ask you,
but I will ask you again to make sure that you really feel that you have done more informed through the last research
to the committee when you are preparing for our next chart to be compared.
That you already use top of those sunbows instead of two sets of sunbows, such as your ideas.
The little boy, all of them in the next day is calling you in and having his comparison.
We would have understood his practice in a very beginning point.
Yes, and I think it would have been more informative, but so far as the subject,
I had not thought that it had deceived.
I am now accusing you of attempting to deceive very frankly or just to deceive me.
Because this meeting is very small, you sit up here in the lead light, and if you talk to Steve,
I would rather sound when I heard the testimony and when I had time now to compare them.
I find that on the typical Chine chart, there are 15 spots that should be blocked out.
On the GJ, there is a time chart.
As you present them blacked out equally, we would have seen that there were 10 more here, then there were here.
I thought there were a great many more.
Now I am using only the month of November and December, which has quite obviously, on your January chart,
you didn't mark out anything in your typical end of each other, it was up in the entire event.
But the truth is, it was basically compared to the one half, 13 and one half, 23.
That would have been clearer and easier to find out.
May I add something for you, please, will you, me?
I do not believe that we presented the so-called typical chart this morning.
I know that I was in a pretty much a circle.
Well, I brought these charts, copies of them, to the committee staff about a week to show a goal.
And how, I mean, we presented on the blackboard this morning the GJ-Bag Shine chart.
Where did the other thing white chart go behind it, sir?
Who brought it here?
I did, sir.
And then you presented it?
I don't know. I believe it was first uncovered when some of them had copies uncovered it.
We had issued, however, the smaller charts, then...
That I now hold with them.
Yes, sir.
We had...
I had to go with it, but it was on the easel.
I just tidied it though this morning.
Yes, sir.
You know what I'm talking about.
And they are identical.
Yes, the nature was always true before I sent it in the chart, but on the blackboard,
it was rejected to put on.
That's correct.
Well, I thought there was an influence over that I was trying to deceive them there.
And I know I'm going to give proof by the two charts that you told here.
I am not saying you were trying to deceive me.
You did deceive me very definitely.
Because of the fine print here.
And I had no reason to question about all of these black spots,
and here also I am a copy about the fusion of the easel.
I think we now agree anyhow that if you had presented the chart,
each with the same kind of symbols,
you would have a clear sense of fusion to begin with if there were 43 in the one instance for...
November and December and December and only two on the up.
Maybe if I got the two black ones.
September and January.
That was undercover.
Now I would like to call your attention to another.
I am sure in that version, each option,
but a very genuine one.
And that is just a two original chart which you said is the curve that is to call.
Looking at this chart, I assumed the correct that all of these black spots were sometimes the black marks on the record of GJs and Shines.
Or at least were indicative of the same kind of special treatment for special spots.
But I find that your 23 black spots in December and January,
that several of them contained in one language or another the fact that C.S.P.P. will occur company policy.
So that there again you would have compared 16 or 16 spots which were granted special spots.
Apparently with 7 passes which were just regular or given with each.
So that you have not only confused me,
but you have in that very early and unintentionally received me.
And I think the other members of the committee because there is an original chart.
Next, no differentiation whatsoever between the perfectly routine and ordinary passes that Shines receive.
And only if you receive according to the testimony of General Ryan,
it has a cause and an agent from the members of the committee staff.
So you should feel that he was going to present this original chart that Mr. Kaufman prepared.
That you should have differentiated between the unusual and extraordinary passes and those which are just ordinary repeat.
No sir, I don't agree with you on that latter thing because each of these charts has a legend which is descriptive.
Yeah, I think it's the first chart has been presented by a self-president.
The legend is a label that's atop would accurately portray what the chart is attempting to display.
A chart is intended to make clear what the legend shows is that it's not known whether it's our religion to clarify the charts.
But we have to use the fine tin here to know what you're talking about in these black blocks because you're all the same.
As you have black blocks for the extraordinary passes, some kind of shaded blocks for the ordinary passes.
Here we have a funny clear set, what's right start.
But you have to be easy individual little legend, which is very difficult up here to find the time to do.
You know, you know what it's like actually today.
Well, this is a complicated picture to portray you, Senator.
And that's why we have the lettering on there to read it.
That's my complaint that your black is there, makes it more self-president and confused.
That can be raised in all together if you're only a sensation as you pick up the chart and look at it.
And it can be the dimensions.
So the fact speaks for themselves, if you have time to read them, then you have a box what general is I am justified.
Now, I don't think this is deliberate.
I think it was unquestionable.
If we did not vote then I don't think we can design a really intended to think this is an area where you have certainly considered it with a situation as a profile.